DxWnd 
DxWnd is an Open Source app designed to make older Windows games that load fullscreen run in a window improving video modes, compatibility, and more.
It can be downloaded from this site.
https://sourceforge.net/projects/dxwnd/

Thanks to Speller for providing an updated ini file that works.


Aranock
The original Astonia client was written in 1998 for a Windows XP environment.
It uses a graphical interface called DirectDraw that is no longer supported by Windows.
It also only runs in full screen mode.
A copy of DxWnd is included in the Aranock download to assist you in running the Aranock game in a windowed mode and on newer versions of Windows (after Windows 7) that do not support DirectDraw.

Included in this folder are:
- dxwnd.exe executable file
- dxwnd.dll Dynamic Link Library
- dxwnd.ini initialisation file
- These instructions


Installation instructions
This is DxWnd in its smallest size, with options set to how they should work for Aranock. 
This folder contains just the 3 files that you need.
It is not needed to run Aranock but it does make it much simpler to install.
Note that DwWnd is not an Aranock product so we can not take any responsibility if it does not work.


Instructions
1. Place the 3 files somewhere, maybe as a sub folder of Aranock.
2. Run dxwnd.exe.
3. Rightclick first (=only) entry and select Modify. Adjust path and launch location to where you installed Aranock (you did download and unpack your Aranock files first, right?).
--- Done.

Now use the first entry to start the game.

Problem solving
If after linking to the correct folder and you try to run Aranock.exe and you get no response or you get a 740 error, try running DxWnd as an Administrator (Right click dswnd.exe and click run as Administrator).
The Aranock Forum, "Technical Help and FAQ" section, has some more info that might help in case you do need some problem fixing.
If you find some solutions, please do share on the forum, so this can be adjusted/others can get their issues fixed too.